spec.md, before:

Specs:
[x] Using Ruby on Rails for the project // done

[x] Include at least one has_many relationship // Mentor has_many resources

[x] Include at least one belongs_to relationship // Resource belongs_to a mentor

[x] Include at least two has_many through relationships // Student has_many resources through mentor, Mentor has_many subfields through resources

[x] Include at least one many-to-many relationship // languages to mentors

[x] The "through" part of the has_many through includes at least one user submittable attribute, that is to say, some attribute other than its foreign keys that can be submitted by the app's user (attribute_name e.g. ingredients.quantity) // Resource (join table between subfields and mentors) has website, title, url

[x] Include reasonable validations for simple model objects // Language, mentor, resource, student and subfield all have validations

[x] Include a class level ActiveRecord scope method (model object & class method name and URL to see the working feature e.g. User.most_recipes URL: /users/most_recipes) // Resources/top_rated, Resource.top_rated

[x] Include signup (how e.g. Devise) // Mentor and student signups
[x] Include login (how e.g. Devise) // Mentor and student logins
[x] Include logout (how e.g. Devise) // Mentor and student logouts
[x] Include third party signup/login (how e.g. Devise/OmniAuth) // Github

[x] Include nested resource show or index (URL e.g. users/2/recipes) // mentor/:id/resources and mentor/:id/resources/:resource_id
[x] Include nested resource "new" form (URL e.g. recipes/1/ingredients/new) // mentor/:id/resources/new
[x] Include form display of validation errors (form URL e.g. /recipes/new) // new mentor and new student

Confirm:
[x] The application is pretty DRY
[x] Limited logic in controllers
[x] Views use helper methods if appropriate
[x] Views use partials if appropriate

Commit message:

Test commit and add new spec file for Rails with Javascript project

spec.md, after:

Rails App with JavaScript Frontend Spec
Project Specs:
[] Must have a Rails Backend and new requirements implemented through JavaScript.
[] Makes use of ES6 features as much as possible(e.g Arrow functions, Let & Const, Constructor Functions)
[] Must translate the JSON responses into Javascript Model Objects using either ES6 class or constructor syntax.
[] Must render at least one index page (index resource - 'list of things') via JavaScript and an Active Model Serialization JSON Backend.
[] Must render at least one show page (show resource - 'one specific thing') via JavaScript and an Active Model Serialization JSON Backend.
[] Your Rails application must reveal at least one `has-many` relationship through JSON that is then rendered to the page.
[] Must use your Rails application to render a form for creating a resource that is submitted dynamically through JavaScript.
[] At least one of the JS Model Objects must have a method on the prototype.


Project Repo Specs:
Read Me file contains:
[] Application Description
[] Installation guide (e.g. fork and clone repo, migrate db, bundle install, etc)
[] Contributors guide (e.g. file an issue, file an issue with a pull request, etc)
[] Licensing statement at the bottom (e.g. This project has been licensed under the MIT open source license.)

Repo General
[] You have a large number of small Git commits
[] Your commit messages are meaningful
[] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message
[] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message
