TODO.md, before:

#-Make Models
#  -Mentor
#  -Student
#  -Language
#  -Sub-area
#  -Resource
#  -Languages_mentors
#  -Languages_students

#-Make Controllers
#  -Mentors
#  -Students
#  -Languages
#  -Resources
#  -Sessions

#-Set up signup/authentication
#  -Mentor has_secure_password
#  -Student has_secure_password
#  -Mentor has validations
#  -Student has validations
#  -Mentor can signup via username/password
#  -Student can signup via username/password
#  -Mentor can login with username/password
#  -Student can login with username/password
#  -Mentor can signup login via GitHub
#  -Student can signup login via GitHub

#-Set up login /authentication
#  -Mentor can login via github or username/password
#  -Student can login via username/password


-Set up authorization (diff than authentication)

-Validations for other models
  -Need to revisit email validation

#-Build user homepage
#-BUild user edit profile page

#-Can add languages to profile
-Can delete languages from profile

#-Build resource show page
#-Build resource edit page
#-Build resource index page

#-Student can mark resource as read
#-Student can rate resource 


-Refactor with partials
-Render error messages on sign up

Commit message:

Add green border around profile images, syle add language page

TODO.md, after:

#-Make Models
#  -Mentor
#  -Student
#  -Language
#  -Sub-area
#  -Resource
#  -Languages_mentors
#  -Languages_students

#-Make Controllers
#  -Mentors
#  -Students
#  -Languages
#  -Resources
#  -Sessions

#-Set up signup/authentication
#  -Mentor has_secure_password
#  -Student has_secure_password
#  -Mentor has validations
#  -Student has validations
#  -Mentor can signup via username/password
#  -Student can signup via username/password
#  -Mentor can login with username/password
#  -Student can login with username/password
#  -Mentor can signup login via GitHub
#  -Student can signup login via GitHub

#-Set up login /authentication
#  -Mentor can login via github or username/password
#  -Student can login via username/password

#-Validations for other models

#-Build user homepage
#-BUild user edit profile page

#-Can add languages to profile

#-Build resource show page
#-Build resource edit page
#-Build resource index page

#-Student can mark resource as read
#-Student can rate resource

# -Put green border around profile pictures

-Can delete languages from profile


-Set up authorization (diff than authentication)
-Continue to refactor with partials
-Render error messages on sign up
-Refactor with helper methods
-Take logic out of view and controller
-Delete unused routes
-Style buttons
-Style dropdown menus
-Style student submit read and rating
-Organize display of resources by language and then by subfield
-Refactor profile displays into partial
-Make it so that at each page you automatically get @mentor or @student
